Document recent changes to how exit codes are determined (#3824)
astral-sh/ty: docs/reference/exit-codes.md

The ty command line interface uses the following exit codes:

| Exit code | Description                                                |
| :-------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |
| `0`       | no violations with severity `warning` or higher were found |
| `1`       | violations with severity `warning` or higher were found    |
| `2`       | invalid CLI options, invalid configuration, or IO errors   |
| `101`     | internal error                                             |

ty supports three command line arguments that change how exit codes work:

- `--exit-zero`: ty will exit with `0` even if violations were found.
- `--error-on-warning`: ty will exit with `1` if it finds any violations with severity `warning` or

>     higher. This is usually the default behaviour, but can be overridden using a configuration file.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit like the configuration file would overwrite the CLI argument.

Author: hmm, yeah. I was trying to provide a justification for why the CLI flag might sometimes be useful (if you want to temporarily override configuration provided by a config file)... but maybe this is just confusing and I should get rid of the second sentence?

Reviewer: I think it's fine to say "This is the default behavior." without justifying why that option exists nevertheless, yes.

Author: Micha objected to me saying "This is the default behaviour" in my Ruff PR without qualifying that the default can be overridden by configuration files, so I'll just get rid of this second sentence entirely

> - `--exit-zero-on-warning`: ty will only exit with `1` if it finds at least one violation with severity `error` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--exit-zero-on-warning`: ty will only exit with `1` if it finds violations with severity `error` or higher.
```
